For thousands of years,
people have wondered how life came to be.
Knowing how we came to be here
could be an important step toward knowing
why we are here.
Although science can explain many things,
some people feel that it’s not able
to provide satisfying answers
to the really important questions,
questions such as
‘Is there a purpose in life?’
They also believe that the natural world
gives compelling evidence
that life was created.
Could that evidence
help you find a purpose in life?
Why not investigate for yourself
and reach your own conclusion?
To learn more,
read the brochure Was Life Created?
You can download it
free of charge from jw.org,
or you can obtain a copy
from any of Jehovah’s Witnesses.